Q1  
Let $P(n)$ be a propositional function that $all n\ge 1 , 8^{n}$ is divisible by 7. 

Basis step:
 n = 1, $8^1-1 = 7$, 7 is divisible by 7. So $P(1)$is true.

Inductive step:  
Inductive hypothesis is $P(k)$ is true $(k\ge 1)$, which means $8^k-1$ is divisible by 7 where $k\ge 1$.

Then, $8^{k+1}-1 = 8*8^k-1=8(8^k-1)+8-1=8(8^k-1)+7$.
Based on the inductive hypothesis, $8^k-1$ divisible by 7, thus $8(8^k-1)+7$ is also divisible by 7.

Hence $P(k+1)$ is also true under the condition that $P(k)$ is true

we have shown $P(1)$ is true and $P(k)\rightarrow P(k+1)$. Consequently, by the principle of mathematical induction, $all n\ge 1 , 8^{n}$ is divisible by 7.

Q1 b  
We can enumerate all situations. 
This is permutation of indistinguishable objects, use formula $\frac{n!}{\prod_{i=0}^kn_k!}$   
- 4 $1s$, 3 $0s$  
  number $n_1=\frac{7!}{4!3!}=35$
- 5 $1s$, 2 $0s$  
  number $n_2=\frac{7!}{5!2!}=21$
- 6 $1s$, 1 $0s$  
  number $n_3=\frac{7!}{6!1!}=7$
- 7 $1s$, 0 $0s$  
  number $n_4=1$

So,total number = $\sum_{i=1}^4n_i=64$ different bit sequences.

2a  
This graph has a minor of complete graph $K_4$, and do not have minor that is homeomorphic to $K_{3,3}$ and $K_5$. By Kuratowski's Theorem and The four color theorem, the chromatic number $\chi(G)=4$   

Alternatively, we can write this way, denote the graph as $G$:
- apparently, $\chi(G)\ne 1$
- suppose $\chi(G) = 2$. We try to color $G$ with red and blue. If $a$ is red, then its adjacent vertex$b,d,e$ should be blue. However, $b,e$ and $d,e$ are adjacent to each other, they shouldn't be same color. So $\chi(G) \ne 2$
-  suppose $\chi(G) = 3$. We try to color $G$ with red, green, and blue. If $a$ is red, then its adjacent vertex$b$ should be green or blue, we choose green for $b$, then $d,e$ is also adjacent to $a$ and $b$. however, we only have one color, namely blue, left. It is thus impossible to color d and e with only 3 colors after a and b are colored. Thus $\chi(G) \ne 3$
-  suppose $\chi(G) = 4$, we can color $G$ with four colors, as shown after

Thus $\chi(G) = 4$.

2.b 
The graph has exactly two vertex $c,e$ with odd number of degrees, so Euler path exists.  



1. add a dummy edge between $c,e$  
2.  find cycles, each start from $c$ or $e$: 
    1. $c,d,b,a,c$,   
    2. $e,f,d,e$,  
    3. $c,e,c$
3. insert 3rd cycle into 1st cycle  at last place we get $c,d,b,a,c,e,c$
4. insert 2nd cycle into 1st cycle at $e$, we get $c,d,b,a,c,e,f,d,e,c$, which is an Euler circuit.
5. remove the dummy edge, we get an euler path $c,d,b,a,c,e,f,d,e$
