2(a)  
$x+y+u+v = 15$  
This question is 15-combinations from a set with 4 elements with repetition  
The formula is $C(n+r-1,r)$  
Take $n = 4, r = 15, C(4+15-1,15) = C(18,15) = 816$  
So there are 816 possible solutions.

2(b)  
each variable is an integer $\ge$ 2.
In a counting perspective, we first choice 2 of each elements.
then this question is equivalent to following sub-problem:  
$x+y+u+v\le15-4*2$,  
$x+y+u+v\le7$ ,where each variable is an integer $\ge 0$
since all variables are integer, only integer part of right-hand-side matters,then we can enumerate all possible (floor)values of right-hand-side (0,1,2,...7)    
Then this problem is similar to 2(a).   
Hence, $\sum^7_{r=0}C(4+r-1,r) = 330$ possible answers


3

3(a)   
$C(2n,2) = \frac{2n*2n-1}{2} = n(2n-1) = 2n^2-n=n(n-1)+n^2=2*\frac{n(n-1)}{2}=n^2+2C(n,2)$

3(b)  
Let $n$ be any positive integer. When an integer is divided by $n$, there are $n$ possible remainders (from 0 to $n-1$). Consider $n+1$ integers $5,55,555,555...5$, (where the last integer has exactly $n+1$ $5$s in its decimal notation). Since the integer list has $n+1$ integers and only $n$ possible remainders by the pigeonhole principle, there must be two with the same remainder when divided by $n$. Then the larger one minus the smaller one is the number which has only 0s and 5s in its decimal notation and is multiple of $n$.  

Note: this answer references *Discrete Math and its Application 7th p.401*   


3.(c)   
The elements in set $S$ are terms of arithmetic sequence {an}$(a_n = 2n-1)$ where $n\ge 0$  

It is trivial that $a_i+a_{n-i} = 2n$, so there are in total $\lfloor\frac{n}{2}\rfloor$ such pairs of term in the sequence that add up to $2n$ (each term only use once).  

By the pigeonhole principle, at least $\lfloor\frac{n}{2}\rfloor+1$ terms of {an} are needed to guarantee that a pair that add up to $2n$  could be formed.  

Hence the smallest value of $m$ is $\lfloor\frac{n}{2}\rfloor+1$  


4a.
They are not isomorphic  
Check the graph invariant.  
- They both have 5 vertexes, with 2 vertex $deg(v) =3$ and 3 vertexes $deg(v)=2$   
- They both have 6 edges.  
- $G$ has a simple circuit of length 3, namely $a, b, e$. However, there isn't such in $H$. Hence, $G$ and $H$ are not isomorphic.
   



4b 
there are no cutting vertex in $G$ so vertex connectivity $\kappa(G)\ne1$, also, there is no set of vertex cut of size two.  
$(f,i,e)$ is a vertex cut, so $\kappa(G)=3$