data project
1. Introduction
In this project, a group of four members are involved to work on a machine learning task which is published on kaggle platform. The major challenge of the task is to deal with overfitting issues. 

The teamwork was organized in an iterative manner to obtain progrisive result of prediction. At first phase, a quick look into dataset were carried out to get an over view of the dataset organization after which a simple model was built. Deeper data analysis and preprocess were then made along with the fine-tuning of model.  Follow this progressive approach, we get a score of 0.8? on kaggle leaderboard. 

Method

Environment:  Python is the main language used in this project with following packages:
Scikit-learn 0.23.2  
seaborn 0.11.0
pandas 1.1.2
matplotlib 3.3.1
imblearn 0.7.0

## s
good afternoon everyone I am jiang ruixiang, group leader of the group etpl, our today's presentation will be divided into 3 part, First I'll make a brief introduction and then we'll go through some details of our teamwork. Finally we will have a QA session.

As u can see from the title that we chose don't overfit as our project. This task is to build a binary classifier based on very limited training data. 

First, let me talk about the visualization part. Here I extracted some graphs from our report. The training dataset has 250 samples with more than 300 attributes. The attributes are numeric values following gaussian distribution centered nearly at 0. And The correlations between them are at a relatively low level. Apart from that, to get an intuition on data, we conducted dimensionality reduction so that it could be plotted in 2D space. The bottom right graph is the result of SVD, also notice that there is a class imbalance problem in the dataset, as there are more samples labeled as 1 than 0.  

Next, we applied random forest classifier to evaluate the importance of attributes, which is indicated in right bottom graph. This information is also reflected in the upper graph, the middle one is attributes 33, notice that compared to other attributes, there is a discrepancy between the distribution of two classes. Next, another teammate will talk about how to make use of this information.
