Recent advance in technology such as the invention of cell phone, online games and social websites has greatly enriched peoples' ways of recreation. Under such trends, some educators are complaining that children are spending too much time on those recreational evens and making it very challenging to educate them compared with the past. In my perspective, it is not the case.

First of all, it is children's eternal instinct to play, disregarding the different era or forms of play. In every historical period, children will always spend a large cluster of time on playing, so it is not only happening in today. Taking my grandmother as an example, she told me that when her was an child, she used to play with her little friends on a daily basis. They went to fields to catch butterfly, seek for beautiful blossoms, and so on. Their ways of playing is by large different from those of modern kids, but what is similar to nowadays is that their tutors also said that they are too naughty and had spend too much time on playing instead of studying. So, it could be seen from this example that it is similar to teach a kid compared with the past.

In a larger sense, the major influencing factor of successful education shall be the educators themselves. It is not responsible to just put blame on external influences, including those recreational resource. No matter in the past or in nowadays, it is educators' responsibility to teach their students to find a balance between play and study. For example, one of the local middle school is a pioneer of the so-called "happy learning", which means an education philosophy that aims to let students learning actively. It turns out that, although the students in that school are not deprived of online entertainments, they are still learning in an attentive and effective manner. Thus, to say games or social media result in bad in-school performance is an overstatement.

Base on the aforementioned discussion and the example provided, it could be concluded that the exposure to novel online entertainments is not the only factor of education difficulties, and thus it shall never be considered as an excuse of poorly organized education. It is teachers' indispensable responsibility to deal with the relationship between play and teach.